 Yep, it's recording. We got it. Okay. Perfect. Good. Rachel. Yeah, if you want to move on, we can move on. I think I guess we're good. Yeah, I'm gonna mute just because I'm driving. It's a little bit noisy. But I looks like we got a few folks on. So that's good. Where did we want to start? I  we'll go with the, I am on my screen, I seen Lavneet first on this list here. So we'll just go with that. But then. Sounds good. So I actually emailed Billy. And after that, we saw the conversation.  I know. I know. He was like asking you to do this email. How will you know which email address, what phone number? How will you even know that? Right? I'm thinking because in the last one of the calls, we changed the  email ID associated to the developer account. Yeah, but maybe he's thinking in that what he's saying is remember the other guy in PCA and a PC, a PC edge, right? Was it Justin his name? Like remember, there was a guy called Justin, he came. He is the one who owns the dev account for a  for PCH. So I think what we need to do probably is next week when we meet on early next week, we will reach out, forget about Billy, I don't know whether it's going anywhere with this, right? He's like, do you know how to like, maybe we should look at, I've not done this myself, right? How to transfer the Alexa account, maybe we can take a look at some  videos or something like how they explain transferring right and we'll get Justin on the call like 10-15 minutes or half an hour have him get the credentials and you and him can work together to transition over just follow the instruction and transition over. Sure sir. I think that may be the easiest way to do it if we depend on Billy I don't think and I don't know for some  reason I get the feeling it's not happening. This is for the PCH, for everybody's context, right? Yeah. OK, cool. Anything else on your part? I'm just testing the scoped out rule that we need. Yes. I'm hoping it will be completed today, and I'll just send the  talk to them. Okay. So is it fair to say at this point, you pretty much kind of wrapped up with the like, except the pending? Yeah, of course, is pretty much like wrapped up and ready for the next gig kind of thing? Is that fair to say that? Yeah. Okay, good. And just for other people's benefits, I remember there's another action item I had for the  PCH to walk through with the internal AWS team to help set up the base environment so that we could go back again. So I did meet internally with the landing zone team and the account architect and all of that. So we are working through it. It may take a week or two really to get to where we want to be.  And then we can go as a team, you, me, and the area back again to finish that off. But to set that up, it'll take a couple of weeks at least from what I can guess. So that's the latest on that. Sure. Cool. I'm good with the long. If you have any other question, Brian, for Lavneet as such?  Nope. Thanks for the update, Lovni. Appreciate it. Cool. Since you're driving, I see Maryam here on the call next, so I'll just give it to her. Yeah. So I was actually, so on Wednesday I had some issues with trying to make Amplify work.  So I finally figured those out and today I was just learning the rest of it like how to you know implement it with react and all and other than that Nilo and I had a meeting and we were discussing about creating that component library. Now since I have a better idea about the Amplify thing so I think we'll be able to do a good job at creating  library. Oh yeah, that is another benefit, right? So Amplify is like the intersection between UI UX folks and the development folks, right? So when you cross the chasm and go to the developer side of the equation, you realize, oh, this is exactly what the developer needs or whatever, right? I'm totally with you. So hopefully that gave you a good  insight about the developer side of the world so that you can come back and contribute on the UI UX side. I'm glad you took that away from that. Cool. That's it, right? On your part? Yeah. Hopefully by next week I can also look into demo innovations from case. Good, good, good, good. So yeah, that would be  Please continue to work with Nilo on the reusable things as well, because that's one of the big accelerators that we want to put at the kick, right? So since we've done so many projects, so many artifacts are there, we want to leverage and reuse moving forward. We don't want to keep duplicating stuff. So that's a big, it'll be a big help for the kick moving forward.  Okay, so Nilo, what's up Nilo? Hi, yeah, so like Miriam said, Miriam and I met today to go over kind of our plan forward there. Also what I was working on today was trying to look at the backlog of the non-challenge tasks and start to work on some things that might be helpful to have  more fleshed out for when we hand it off to some new designers in a few months. So that includes things like making sure that the process for maintaining the website back end is up to date. There's a lot of things I've learned in the last couple of years for post  posting the blogs and kind of maintaining the website when I've been working with Colleen about kind of bringing it up to date with everything that, especially if our rebranding to the AI kick. I think there needs to be some more, some considerably more documentation about that just so whoever comes next is able to navigate that easily.  And then a couple of just items for follow up from would be with the PCH, Alexa Skills blog and the Belfast blog. Those have been sent to their teams. We're just waiting on responses from both their teams. Right. Oh, no, no, no, actually. No. OK. OK. Oh, remember PCH one.  even though you are done with it, we have not pushed it to production yet because of the work, right? So we discussed yesterday, remember, it might take actually two to three weeks from now to actually make it happen. So the idea would be, we push it, we say, boom, we got it in your environment, everything's great, here is the blog, get us approved, and then it  happen subsequently. So that's what I'm trying to time it along with that news when we get there. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. I guess I wasn't sure the timeline of when we were sending that off. Yeah. So you're pretty much done with what you need to do. We just need to wait for that.  duration and once we get the okay, then we can go publish it. Also on the Belfast side, I'm following up with Adrian. I sent him, he's confirmed to me he got it. He's going to send it to his stakeholder there. And I also shared your video with them as an FYI to him too. So he does everything whatever. And I was okay with it. I looked at the video. I didn't have any strong  comments or anything like that does look pretty good. So once he says, yep, and let's do me a favor. You know, there are too many things on my plate to I'm trying to keep all the balls in the air. So just remind me like Monday, Tuesday, if I don't follow up on Belfast, and I can quickly check we will hopefully plan on getting the approval early next week.  publishing Belfast at least and get done with it. Okay, yeah, that sounds good. I'll remind you. Okay, cool. I think that's it. I think that's it for me. And then yeah, Miriam and I are gonna try to try to wrap the component library up by by the end of next week. That's our next task. Okay, great. Thank you. And Ryan, I know you're whether  I don't know whether we had further conversation with Colleen on that Scottsdale list of items, Ryan, did she reach out to you at all? No, I haven't really seen her since we connected Monday. I think that was the last I saw her. So and then, you know, you and I are going to start having a call with her Friday mornings. Next week is Phoenix  open. I'll be there Thursday. But yeah, we definitely need to connect next week. And then I talked to John this morning too. He's got a couple of things in the hopper as well. So we just. Just so you know, what I did is I remember the document you sent, right? So I went through all of them, identified certain things where we might have already have a solution.  with minimal effort we will be done with those kind of things, prioritize it. So I looked at all of them, prioritized it and sent a list to Colleen and I think she was going to circle back with and he should check with Todd. Todd is very happy. He's like, if you guys can do it, do it kind of thing. So it's just like you come together as a team, identify those things and ask students start freeing up including Lovni.  and a few others, we can start loading up with this effort, Ryan. That's where my head is. Yeah, well, thank you for doing that, Arun. That's great. So yeah, we can circle back on that next week and figure out what's next for students. I mentioned that to John this morning as well that I'm concerned about making sure that we get some new work in for him soon.  Certainly, I'll find them secondary projects. No problem. I don't know if anybody would be like, oh, you don't know what to do type of a deal. But I think it's in our best interest, obviously, to get the challenges lined up and these guys are already warmed up, ready to go. Many of these projects, by the way, guys, including Lavanya, it's all  like same patterns repeating. I've looked at everything. I'm like, oh, this is this pattern. This is this pattern. This is this pattern. No problem, right? It's not like now we know what to do. It's ironed, everything ready to go. So I'm pretty excited to see all this come to life. So that's good. OK, so we will touch base, Ryan, maybe a  on Monday. Yes, I'll be here Monday. We'll circle back with her on Monday and agree with that in terms of the patterns. I think that it was to some extent it was the same with smart cities. You see some of the same themes and some of the same projects. But hopefully we'll get one or two this year that'll be something brand new that we can do  Maybe that nobody's done before that. Oh yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Now we did a lot of new things that was very novel last year and now a lot of people like that demand for those kind of patterns and use cases now we see which is actually a good thing. We did the groundwork, we did the framework. Now we can reap some benefits out of it. But you said there may be other things opening up as well that we need to extend and stretch beyond and  see what else is out there, absolutely. Yep, for sure. That's it, Ryan. That's the main thing I want to check with you on the call. Good. All right. Well, thanks everybody again. Apologies. Just got back to the kick, but I think we're done. Have a good weekend and hopefully I'll see everybody, most  everybody Monday. Great, Ryan. One more thing, when you're done, please send the recording out to the channel. Just put it in the Dev Channel. Any of us will pick up and analyze it, including anybody else can look at it as well. Thanks. You got it. OK. Bye. All right. Thanks. Bye. Sounds good. Thanks, everybody. Thank you.